Acd 839 (#62)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: Core1Platform/AdministratingCore1/06_ExpertKnowledge.md

# Expert knowledge

> This section contains procedures that you only should use, if you really know the consequences of your actions well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains procedures that you only should use if you area aware of the consequences of your actions.
```
... or "consequences resulting from these"

Author: done

> ## Switch on &frasl; off single feature flags

Reviewer: Warum HTML-Zeichen statt "/"? Gibt es einen Unterschied? Ich weiß nicht, ob das Probleme mit couscous auf der Website verursachen kann. Wir haben immer Schrägstrich verwendet.
Zu Leerzeichen vor und nach Schrägstrich: Unsere Empfehlung: Steht nur jeweils ein Wort vor und nach dem Schrägstrich, setzen Sie kein Leerzeichen, z. B. April/Mai. Sind es jedoch mehrere Wörter, die davor und/oder danach stehen, sollte ein Leerzeichen gesetzt werden, um Missverständnisse zu vermeiden, also Ende April / Anfang Mai. 
(Duden: https://www.duden.de/sprachwissen/sprachratgeber/Der-Schr%C3%A4gstrich#:~:text=Unsere%20Empfehlung%3A%20Steht%20nur%20jeweils,also%20Ende%20April%20%2F%20Anfang%20Mai.)

> The Entwicklermodus (Development mode) of the engine room allows to switch on &frasl; off specific system behavior fundamentally.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Development mode* of the engine room allows to switch on &frasl; off specific system behavior fundamentally.   
```
*Development mode" option/checkbox ? Es ist ein UI-Element.
Folgender Satz (For example, ...) würde ich in der Zeile oben (also, im gleichen Abschnitt schreiben).

For example, you can enable special caching functions of the *Core1 Platform*. Additionally, you can disable module-specific features such as the import of orders and event manager features.   
You can use the development mode for testing purposes or, for example, to temporarily switch off a connection, because you are informed about a third-party application downtime. Each action in the development mode is logged.

> > [WARNING] Switching off module features can result in data not being transferred to third party applications, and in this case it can lead to data loss. If you are not really sure about the consequences of switching off a feature, you should not use it. 

Reviewer: WARNING --> Warning

Author: soll ich was Falsches da reinschreiben?

> The development mode contains core features as well as engine-, module-, and driver-specific feature flags. For example, if you switch off the workflow, the following will happen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Development mode* section contains core features as well as engine, module, and driver-specific feature flags. For example, if you switch off the workflow, the following will happen:
```

Author: d

- The workflow is stopped.

> - All current processes do no longer import and 

Reviewer: All current processes do not import and output data any longer / will no longer import...

output data. 
<!---Julian, gibt es noch ein anderes, drastisches Beispiel?-->

#### Prerequisites

- You have administrator rights for the current instance.

> - You know the consequences of switching on &frasl; off a feature.

Reviewer: Das ist nicht wirklich  eine Voraussetzungs, um die Prozedur durchzuführen, oder? Wir haben auch ganz oben darauf hingewiesen und die Info heißt auch "Expert knowledge" (übrigens wollten wir das nicht mit einem Icon markieren?)

#### Procedure

*Actindo Core1 Platform > Any workspace*

![Core1 Platform](../../Assets/Screenshots/Core1Platform/Core1.png "[Core1 Platform]")

> 1. Click the ![Engine room](../../Assets/Icons/EngineRoom.png "[Engine roome]") (Engine room) button center top.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the ![Engine room](../../Assets/Icons/EngineRoom.png "[Engine room]") (Engine room) button in the upper center of the workspace.  
```
s.o.

   The engine room is opened. The current workspace is overlapped.

   ![Engine room](../../Assets/Screenshots/Core1Platform/AdministratingCore1/Engineroom.png "[Engine room]")

> 2. Click the *Entwicklermodus (Development mode)* drop down top right.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the *Development mode* drop-down button in the upper right corner.   
```
Wir reden immer über drop-down menu, aber ich würde es nicht so nennen hier. Drop-down button? Andere Möglichkeit?

>    The list of feature flags is expanded. Each feature flag is listed in a feature chip with a toggle. The list of feature chips with toggles contains general feature flags of the *Core1 Platform* as well as engine-, module-, and driver-specific feature flags.

Reviewer: Each feature flag is listed in a feature chip with a toggle. --> feature flag vs. feature chip
Was ist mit feature chip gemeint? Was ist der Unterschied zwischen den beiden? Was ich sehe neben den "Features" sind nur Toggles.

   ![Feature flags](../../Assets/Screenshots/Core1Platform/AdministratingCore1/EngineRoomDevelopmentMode.png "[Feature flags]")

> 3. Switch on &frasl; off the desired feature by enabling the corresponding feature chip toggle.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Switch on &frasl; off the desired feature by enabling the corresponding toggle.   
```

Author: d

   The following warning message is displayed.

    ![Warning message](../../Assets/Screenshots/Core1Platform/AdministratingCore1/EngineRoomDevelopmentModeWarning.png "[Warning message]")
<!---Hallo Julian, ist die Meldung nicht ein bisschen schwach?-->
4. If desired, click the [OK] button.  

>    The processing of the related feature is changed as described, for example, the order export of the *Omni-channel* module is disabled. The following notification is output (see [Check notifications](../UsingCore1/03_GeneralUIFunctions.md#check-notifications)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The processing of the related feature is changed as described, for example, the order export of the *Omni-Channel* module is disabled. The following notification is output (see [Check notifications](../UsingCore1/03_GeneralUIFunctions.md#check-notifications)).
```

Author: d

   ![Feature flag notification](../../Assets/Screenshots/Core1Platform/AdministratingCore1/EngineroomFeatureFlagNotification.png "[Feature flag notification]")

5. Switch off the feature flag again by clicking the corresponding feature chip toggle later.   
   The instance works as designed again. This action is logged as well.

## Switch on &frasl; off all feature flags at once

> 

Reviewer: s.o. alle relevanten Kommentare und Änderungen durchgängig einarbeiten

The Entwicklermodus (Development mode) of the engine room allows to switch on &frasl; off all feature flags at once (see also [Switch on &frasl; off single feature flags](#switch-on-⁄-off-single-feature-flags)).   
For example, you can enable special caching functions of the *Core1 Platform*. Additionally, you can disable module-specific features such as the import of orders and event manager features.   

> This procedure allows you to quickly switch on and off all feature tags, for example, if you previously locked an account with multiple feature tags.

Reviewer: "feature tags" --> feature flags vermutlich gemeint?

Author: done

#### Prerequisites

- You have administrator rights for the current instance.
- You know the consequences of switching on &frasl; off features.

#### Procedure

*Actindo Core1 Platform > Any workspace*

![Core1 Platform](../../Assets/Screenshots/Core1Platform/Core1.png "[Core1 Platform]")

1. Click the ![Engine room](../../Assets/Icons/EngineRoom.png "[Engine roome]") (Engine room) button center top.  
   The engine room is opened. The current workspace is overlapped.

   ![Engine room](../../Assets/Screenshots/Core1Platform/AdministratingCore1/Engineroom.png "[Engine room]")

2. Click the *Entwicklermodus (Development mode)* drop down top right.   
   The list of feature flags is expanded. The list of feature chips with toggles contains general features of the *Core1 Platform* as well as engine-, module-, and driver-specific feature flags.

   ![Feature flags](../../Assets/Screenshots/Core1Platform/AdministratingCore1/EngineRoomDevelopmentMode.png "[Feature flags]")

> 2. Click the checkbox at the *Entwicklermodus (Development mode)* drop down top right.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the *Development mode* checkbox in the upper right corner.   
```

   The following warning message is displayed.

    ![Warning message](../../Assets/Screenshots/Core1Platform/AdministratingCore1/EngineRoomDevelopmentModeWarning.png "[Warning message]")

4. If desired, click the [OK] button.  
   All feature flag toggles in the feature flag list are switched on. 

   ![Enabled feature chip toggles](../../Assets/Screenshots/Core1Platform/AdministratingCore1/EngineRoomDevModeAll.png "[Enabled feature chip toggles]")

   The following notification is output in the notifications (see [Check notifications](../UsingCore1/03_GeneralUIFunctions.md#check-notifications)).

   ![Feature flag notification](../../Assets/Screenshots/Core1Platform/AdministratingCore1/EngineRoomDevModeNotifAll.png "[Feature flag notification]")

> 5. Switch off all feature flag toggles again by clicking the *Entwicklermodus (Develpment mode)* checkbox again.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Switch off all feature flag toggles again by clicking the *Development mode* checkbox again.  
```

Author: done
